{"Adopting best practices for privacy and user preferences": {"zh": "遵循隐私和用户偏好的最优做法", "tips": ""}, "Minimize your use of sensitive information and provide a clear statement of what information you do use and how you use it.": {"zh": "尽可能少地使用隐私信息，向用户提供清晰的说明，明确告知您所使用的信息及其使用方式。", "tips": ""}, "Overview": {"zh": "概览", "tips": ""}, "To protect user privacy, the system handles camera and sensor inputs without passing the information to apps directly. Instead, the system enables your app to seamlessly interact with a user’s surroundings and to automatically receive input from the user. For example, the system handles the eye- and hand-position data needed to detect interactions with your app’s content. Similarly, the system provides a way to automatically alter a view’s appearance when someone looks at it, without your app ever knowing what the user is looking at.": {"zh": "为保障用户隐私，系统会直接处理摄像头和传感器所输入的信息，而非传给应用程序。系统的这种设计让您的应用能够与用户的周遭环境无缝互动，并自动接收用户输入的信息。例如，系统会处理眼睛和手部的位置数据，这对于检测用户与您应用内容的互动来说至关重要。类似地，您的应用无需知晓用户的具体注视点，系统就能在用户看向某个视图时自动改变其展示效果。", "tips": ""}, "In the few cases where you actually need access to hand position or information about the user’s surroundings, the system requires you to obtain authorization from the user first.": {"zh": "在极少数情况下，如果您真的需要获取用户手部位置或周围环境信息，系统会要求您必须先获得用户的授权。", "tips": ""}, "Important": {"zh": "重要信息", "tips": ""}, "It’s your responsibility to protect any data your app collects, and to use it in responsible and privacy-preserving ways. Don’t ask for data that you don’t need, be transparent about how you use the data you acquire, and respect the choices of the person whose data it is.": {"zh": "保护您的应用所收集的任何数据，并以负责任和尊重隐私的方式使用这些数据是您的责任。不要从用户处获取任何您不需要的数据，对于如何使用您所获取的数据要保持公开透明，并尊重数据所有者的选择。", "tips": ""}, "For information about how to specify the privacy data your app uses, see Describing data use in privacy manifests. For general information about privacy, see Protecting the User’s Privacy.": {"zh": "关于如何在隐私清单中明确您的应用所使用的隐私数据，详见“隐私数据使用说明”。有关隐私保护政策的更多信息，请参阅“保护用户隐私”。", "tips": ""}, "Adopt the system-provided input mechanisms": {"zh": "采用系统提供的输入机制", "tips": ""}, "On Apple Vision Pro, people use their eyes and hands to interact with the items they see in front of them. Where they look determines where the system applies focus, and a tap gesture with either hand generates a touch event on that focused item. The system can also detect when someone’s fingers interact with virtual items in the person’s field of vision. When you adopt the standard UIKit and SwiftUI event-handling mechanisms, you get all of these interactions automatically.": {"zh": "在 Apple Vision Pro 上，用户会通过眼睛和手与他们所见到的物体交互。他们的视线所在之处决定了系统的聚焦点，任何一只手的轻触手势都会在所聚焦物体上产生一个触摸事件。系统还能检测用户的手指何时与其视野中的虚拟物品发生交互。当您采用标准的 UIKit 和 SwiftUI 事件处理机制时，这些交互都能被自动捕捉和处理。", "tips": ""}, "For most apps, the system-provided gesture recognizers are sufficient for responding to interactions. Although you can get the position of someone’s hands with ARKit, doing so isn’t necessary for most apps. Collect hand-position data only when the system doesn’t offer what you need. For example, you might use hand-position data to attach 3D content to the person’s hands. Some other things to remember about hand-position data:": {"zh": "对于大部分应用来说，系统内置的手势识别功能已足以应对用户的交互。尽管通过 ARKit 可以获取用户手部的位置信息，但这对于多数应用来说并非必需。建议您只在系统提供的功能无法满足特定需求时，才向用户收集手部位置数据。举例来说，您可能会利用手部位置数据将 3D 内容附加到用户的手上。在处理手部位置数据时，还有以下几点需要注意：", "tips": ""}, "People can deny your request for access to hand-position data. Be prepared to handle situations where the data isn’t available.": {"zh": "用户可能会拒绝您访问手部位置数据的请求。您需要准备好处理数据不可用的情况。", "tips": ""}, "You must present an immersive space to access hand data. When you open an immersive space, the system hides other apps.": {"zh": "您必须提供一个沉浸式空间来访问手部数据。当您启动一个沉浸式空间时，系统会隐去其他应用。", "tips": ""}, "For information about how to handle the standard-system events, see the SwiftUI and UIKit documentation.": {"zh": "关于如何处理标准系统事件的更多信息，请参阅 SwiftUI 和 UIKit 的文档。", "tips": ""}, "Provide clear messaging around privacy-sensitive features": {"zh": "在提供涉及隐私的功能时，请明确提供清晰的声明信息。", "tips": ""}, "The following ARKit features require you to provide a usage description string in your app’s Info.plist file:": {"zh": "在使用以下 ARKit 功能时，需要您在应用的 Info.plist 文件中提供提供字符串来描述使用目的：", "tips": ""}, "World-tracking data": {"zh": "世界追踪数据", "tips": ""}, "Hand-tracking data": {"zh": "手部追踪数据", "tips": ""}, "Other privacy-sensitive technologies in visionOS also require you to supply usage description strings. For example, you provide usage descriptions for the Core Location features you adopt. These strings communicate why your app needs the data, and how you plan to use the data to help the person using your app. The first time you request authorization to use the technology, the system prompts the person to grant or deny access to your app. The system includes your usage-description string in the dialog it displays.": {"zh": "在 visionOS 中，其他和隐私相关的技术也需要您提供使用描述字符串。例如，你需要为应用中使用 Core Location 功能的原因提供使用说明。这些字符串应该能清楚地说明您的应用为何需要这些数据，以及您计划如何使用这些数据来帮助用户使用产品。当您首次请求使用某项技术的授权时，系统会提示用户是否授权您的应用使用。系统显示的对话框中将会包含您的使用描述字符串。", "tips": ""}, "For information about requesting access to ARKit data, see ARKit. For guidance on how to craft good messages around privacy-friendly features, see Human Interface Guidelines.": {"zh": "有关请求访问 ARKit 数据的信息，请参阅 ARKit 文档。有关如何撰写隐私友好的撰写良好信息的指南，请参阅“人机界面指南”。", "tips": ""}}