{"Incorporating real-world surroundings in an immersive experience": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Create an immersive experience by making your app’s content respond to the local shape of the world.": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Overview": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Scene reconstruction helps bridge the gap between the rendered 3D content in your app and the person’s surroundings. Use scene reconstruction in ARKit to give your app an idea of the shape of the person’s surroundings and to bring your app experience into their world. Immersive experiences — those that use the mixed space style — are best positioned to incorporate this kind of contextual information: scene reconstruction is only available in spaces and isn’t as relevant for the full space style.": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "In addition to providing a 3D mesh of the shape of different nearby objects, ARKit gives a classification to each mesh face it detects. For example, it might classify a face of a mesh as being part of an appliance, a piece of furniture, or structural information about the room like the position of walls and floors. The following video shows virtual cubes colliding with the scene reconstruction mesh, which makes the cubes appear to land on a table:": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Configure a scene reconstruction session": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Scene reconstruction requires the ARKitSession.AuthorizationType.worldSensing authorization type and corresponding usage description that you supply in your app’s Info.plist file. The following starts a session and processes updates as ARKit refines its reconstruction of the person’s surroundings:": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Add real-world interactivity using collision components": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "You can make rendered 3D content more lifelike by having it appear to interact physically with objects in the person’s surroundings, like furniture and floors. Use RealityKit’s collision components and physics support to provide these interactions in your app. The generateStaticMesh(from:) method bridges between scene reconstruction and RealityKit’s physics simulation.": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Warning": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Be mindful of how much content you include in immersive scenes that use the mixed style. Content that fills a significant portion of the screen, even if that content is partially transparent, can prevent the person from seeing potential hazards in their surroundings. If you want to immerse the person in your content, configure your space with the full style. For more information, see Creating fully immersive experiences in your app.": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Use low-priority tasks to generate meshes, because generating them is a computationally expensive operation. The following creates a mesh entity with collision shapes using scene reconstruction:": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Note": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Scene reconstruction meshes only support the PhysicsBodyMode.static physics body component mode.": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Each object in the scene reconstruction mesh updates its originFromAnchorTransform information independently and requires a separate static mesh because ARKit subdivides its representation of the world into multiple, distinct sections.": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "Display scene reconstruction meshes during debugging": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}, "People using an app that leverages scene reconstruction typically don’t need to see a visual rendering of the scene reconstruction mesh. The system already shows passthrough video in an immersive experience. However, temporarily displaying the scene reconstruction mesh can help while you’re developing and debugging your app. In Xcode’s debugging toolbar, click the Enable Visualizations button and select Collision Shapes. Because each element of the scene reconstruction mesh has a collision component, the details of the mesh appear in the debug visualization. For more information, see Diagnosing issues in the appearance of a running app.": {"zh": "", "tips": ""}}